-[grunts, groans]
-Hey, what the hell?
-Oh, man, come on. Let's go!
-[teenager 1] Trick or treat!
[teenager 2 chuckles]
[Leanne]
Were you ever afraid of yourself, Mother?
I am.
I've been having these dreams.
There was this black shadow
moving through the house.
Somehow I know that it's me.
I hurt people when I get angry.
Maybe I got that from you.
The scariest part is,
is that I'm starting to like
the way that it feels.
Actually… I love it.
[chuckles]
Now remember, kids,
candies with no wrap might be a trap.
[Walker] Wait a minute.
Who's that 17th-century hunk?
-Oh, Walker, please don't encourage him.
-[Sean] Sorry, what was that, Walker?
-Say that again.
-[Dorothy laughing]
[Melanie] Philadelphia's sweethearts.
[Walker] Yes, they are.
Thanks to our very own Dorothy
as Marie-Antoin--
-[TV turns off]
-Philadelphia's sweethearts, huh?
Hmm. Media loves a power couple.
That was your best year.
What did they use to call you?
"The queen of Halloween"?
Yeah. But things have changed.
No, we're not so different
than we once were.
[clicks tongue]
Sean, we don't have to lie to each other.
We've both made choices.
[stammers] I'm not the same person I was,
neither are you.
[sighs]
[clicks tongue] Thank you for lunch.
[Walker on TV] Meanwhile,
back in Philadelphia, the mid-op--
[footsteps approaching]
[Leanne] What are you doing?
Good morning, dear.
We're on the hunt for
a last-minute costume for Jericho.
Well, those belonged to Dorothy's mother,
and they are not for you to touch.
Are you dressing up tonight?
No. Halloween is for children.
Oh, honey. Beg to differ.
My friends and I used to go wild.
What do you mean?
Well, Halloween's a space
to embrace your fears.
Indulge in your darkest fantasies.
I'm sure you know what I'm talking about.
[hisses]
[teenagers chuckling,
shouting indistinctly]
Come on!
-Fuck.
-[people laughing]
-[grunts]
-[laughing continues]
I fucking hate this holiday!
This is what happens
when you encourage mischief.
All the goddamn
stunted adolescents in this city
start taking out their aggressions
on the taxpaying citizens of this world.
It's ridiculous. [pants]
-They get your car?
-Brutally. [inhales deeply]
Don't tell me you're decorating.
Dorothy can't do it herself this year,
so I thought this might make her happy.
[scoffs] You thought it might
make her like you, you mean.
[sighs] It's a lost cause, brother.
As long as you and I are Team Leanne,
Dorothy won't have anything to do with us.
I'm not Team Leanne.
You sure about that?
She seems to make everything
work out all right for you.
I've made my peace with how things are.
[inhales deeply] You should too.
Silly String on my fucking gilet!
[children laughing, chattering]
-You think it's horrible.
-[Dorothy] No, no.
[chuckles] He's adorable.
No, y-you can say it. It's awful.
Okay, it's awful. But it's not your fault.
I-I should've gotten him
a costume earlier.
It's just, my mind is in
a million places and--
Oh, not to worry. I'm sure there's
something better somewhere around here.
Well, what you dress him up in last year?
Maybe we could use
a piece of his old costume.
I… I'm not sure.
Can't remember.
[Bev] Well… [chuckles] …i-it's okay.
[Bobbie] Well, think on it, dear.
In the meantime, we'll see if
the stores around here have anything left.
[whispering] Right? Yeah.
[people chattering]
-[coughs]
-[cell phone chimes]
-Sean Turner?
-Yeah.
Wow, it is you.
Man, we're-- we're big fans.
-Ah, thanks.
-Yeah. We watch you every week.
-Thank you, man. I appreciate it.
-No problem.
Happy Halloween. Take care.
You too.
-[people chattering]
-[person] Happy Halloween.
[fan] Love your show, Sean!
[Leanne] These boxes are full of costumes.
They belonged to Dorothy's mother,
so I'll need them back when you're done.
I want you all out on the street tonight,
just in case.
They're coming for me.
They've infiltrated my neighborhood,
and I think they've even bought
one of the houses.
So tonight, I'm going hunting.
They're very good at hiding who they are.
But if I get close enough,
they always reveal themselves.
But tonight we get to hide who we are too.
Come.
[Snake] I never dressed up
for Halloween before.
My dad always said it was sinful.
Can I tell you a secret?
Sin can be fun.
[sighs]
[Walker]
In other news, this year's Mischief Night
brought almost one and a half
million dollars in property damage.
Now to Philadelphia's police commissioner
to discuss the response.
[police commissioner] We won't stand for
mass hysteria in our city.
Tonight, we will have
an increased police presence…
[Bobbie] Someone order
the lobster special? [chuckles]
Oh! Oh… [sucks teeth] …that's precious.
Better than the pumpkin, right?
[chuckling]
Yes, that's good. So good! [chuckles]
Oh. [chuckles] It was Sean's idea.
-[Bev] Oh, what's that?
-Oh.
Oh, it's nothing.
Ooh, got a little secret, have ya? Spill.
Come on, tell us. We won't tell.
What kind of mother can't remember
her child's first costume?
[baby coos]
This isn't the only time
something like this has happened.
There's all this missing time.
Like, this whole period of my life
that I just can't remember,
no matter how hard I try.
It hurts my brain to think about it.
I can't imagine this is normal.
It scares me.
The brain can't hold every memory.
Sometimes you just lose things
as you get older.
[chuckles] Take it from us.
It's probably just aging.
This is something else.
Ladies. Lobster. It's about that time.
-[chuckles]
-[Sean] You ready, little buddy?
I'll keep you on FaceTime so
you feel like you're right there with us.
Thank you.
Oh, God, I wish I could go with you guys.
-Mommy loves you, you little stinker.
-[baby babbling]
Like, one piece of candy.
And don't let him get spooked.
Never.
[person] Boo!
-[laughing] Boo!
-[child shrieks]
-[baby fussing]
-Hey, buddy.
[people chattering]
[muffled music playing]
[sultry music playing]
[music fades]
-[sighs]
-He made me call again. Attachment issues.
[chuckles]
Mommy loves her little crustacean.
[chuckles] Is he having the best time?
Of course. He's your son.
[Dorothy] Sean…
thank you for this.
[Sean] Anything for you.
[Dorothy] Is everything okay?
-What happened?
-No, it's nothing.
I just thought I recognized someone.
[indistinct chatter on television]
Whoa. What are you?
A doll.
I'm going out tonight.
[smacks lips] Um-Um,
Sean took Jericho trick-or-treating,
so left me to man the door.
[inhales deeply]
I could come with you after?
That won't be necessary.
You know, you shouldn't be alone.
I'll be fine.
You know, you don't need to be afraid
for me anymore.
I know what I'm doing.
-[doorbell rings]
-[Leanne chewing]
[sighs]
-Trick or treat.
-[chuckles] Hey, I like your crown.
-Thank you.
-Yeah, take a couple.
Okay.
-Cute. [sighs]
-[doorbell rings]
-Hey.
-Trick or treat.
[Julian chuckles] Okay. Take a couple.
-Help! Help!
-Whoa. Leanne!
Don't eat too much candy…
-Help!
-…or you'll turn into a fat little worm.
-[parent 2] Hey, let go of my kid!
-Nobody loves you.
[crying] Mom! Dad!
I'm so sorry.
She's a theater major. [sighs]
-What the fuck is wrong with you?
-What?
-Halloween's about scaring people, right?
-Yeah, in a PG way.
You don't get extra credit
for tripling people's therapy bills.
[exhales sharply] Now I'm out of candy.
[doorbell rings]
You look fucking amazing.
-What?
-Oh-- [clears throat]
-Tobe. Hi.
-[chuckles] Hi.
Did you make this yourself?
Yeah, kind of.
I mean, that's impressive.
I have things to do.
-You have things to do?
-Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm walking that direction too. Um…
Tobe, I really need to
be on my own tonight.
Okay. Well, how about this?
I'll just walk beside you,
and that way we're alone together.
-Okay. But just for a little.
-Okay.
[exhales deeply]
Sorry, uh,
-if my palms are sweaty, you know.
-No, it's okay.
It's just-- Not that you might be able to…
We should start with that one.
They're new.
Okay.
[cackling on speaker]
Trick or treat.
You're new, right?
We are. Um,
aren't you guys a little too old for this?
-We have thyroid problems.
-Whatever.
Is that really all you have to say to me?
I'm sorry?
[Tobe] Come on, Leanne. Let's go.
-[sighs]
-[scoffs]
[cackling on speaker]
Too old?
Kill me if I'm 30 and that cranky.
Go to your party, Tobe.
What? I thought we were having fun.
I'm sorry.
There are things that I need to do,
and I can't do them when you're around.
W-Wait.
[sighs]
Leave me alone, Tobe.
All right, kids, just one for each of you.
-[child 1] Trick or treat.
-[child 2] Happy Halloween. Thank you.
Hey! Excuse me?
I'm right here. [pants]
Aren't you gonna do something about it?
I'm sorry, do I know you?
Why are you pretending?
I'm right here! Come and get me!
[gasps]
-Oops! [chuckles] I'm sorry, sweetie.
-[dog barking]
I-I think you have the wrong person.
[barking continues]
Here, take some candy.
-Trick or treat!
-[teenagers laughing]
Go home, Tobe.
[cackling, whimpering playing on speakers]
[sighs] Tobe.
You're not Tobe.
[grunts]
[grunting]
I'm not afraid anymore.
-[grunts]
-[screaming, wailing]
Get away from me!
We were just trying to scare you!
It was just a joke!
[crying] Mom! Mom!
Mom!
-[doorbell rings]
-[people screaming]
[knocks on door]
[shouting, cackling]
[person 2] Kids! Eat the kids!
Eat the kids. [groaning]
[muffled screaming, shouting]
[child] Boo! I got you.
Boo.
Boo!
[Leanne] That was very scary.
Do you think that I'm scary?
What about now?
[person 1 on speakers]
Hey! What are you looking at?
[chuckles]
[person 2 on speaker]
I smell fear! [cackling]
What about now?
[clamoring, screaming]
[crying]
[electricity hums]
-[children clamoring]
-[person cackling on speakers]
[person imitates howling]
[growling, cackling through speakers]
They've all gone crazy.
Her ideas are spreading into others.
She's even attacking children.
Poor little lambs.
I worry we waited too long to stop her.
You mean, what we're trying to do,
it might not work?
It has to work. We cannot fail.
I have kids. Okay?
If she finds out and comes after me…
If she wins,
there will be no world for your children.
[inhales shakily] Chaos accelerates.
The city will fall,
and that's only the beginning.
We need you.
[inhales deeply]
You've kept us close to the family,
and they're the only way we can reach her.
Fear not.
Certain pieces are already in place.
[inhales deeply] And if I'm not mistaken,
even the Turners will be ready to help us.
[cackling through speaker]
[laughing]
You're still awake.
I fucking love Halloween.
Is there something you wanna say to me?
I owe you everything, I-- I know that.
And I'm so grateful.
But if it means losing my family,
losing Dorothy, I don't want it.
-I'd give it all up.
-Sean.
You've already made your choice.
So be an adult
and deal with the consequences.
[exhales shakily]
[footsteps approaching]
Dorothy.
Sean.
-I never meant to make a choice.
-[sighs]
I only did what I thought
was best for you.
For our family.
What are you talking about?
I've lost you.
I'm not okay with that.
Julian's right. As long as she's
in the house, you'll never forgive me.
What are you saying, Sean?
I'm prepared to do whatever it takes
to get rid of Leanne.
I'm with you now.
[sighs]